JSDL Teleconference - 2 July 2008
=================================

* Participants

  Steve McGough
  Donal Fellows
  Steven Newhouse
  Gabor Roczei
  Philipp Wieder
  Andreas Savva (minutes)

  Apologies: Fred Brisard, Michel Drescher

* Activity discussion

  Agreed to use the wiki to keep track of a simple issues list now
  that Gridforge seems stable again.
    
** Financial service provision use case overview

   - Diagram describes the business case so some information needed is
     missing. For example UDAP is only shown as used for discovery but
     there are also updates from the compute service to udap,
     financial provider register more services in use, etc
   - Agreement leads to creation of an SLA
     - tracking sla, status, and whether sla is violated or not
     - dynamic vs static information? sla (terms) is not dynamically
       updated

   Action: Philipp will update the diagram/text and derive a list of
           requirements

** Next steps

   - Coming close to finishing use case writeup
   - Andreas will remind Fred for an update to the use case with no
     name
   
   Action: Philipp will will produce a single requirements list
           (removing and duplicated items)

   - And will start prioritizing the requirements

** Next call

   - Scheduled for July 16 at the same time (2pm UTC)

* JSDL 1.0 Experience document

  - No major issues reported on the list
  - Two projects want to add survey responses. They will be accepted
    as long as they arrive before Friday.
    - Both GRIA and ARC seem ok with that deadline
  - In addition to merging in new project submission will also do the
    minor update requested by Steven.
  - On track for submission to the Editor this Friday
  - Gabor gave an overview of the ARC survey response, which seems
    close to completion

  - The publication plan is to take the Experience document through
    public comment/publication and then publish the document
    previously-known-as-errata as the JSDL Recommendation
