<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>

This is a static archive of the previous Open Grid Forum GridForge content management system saved from host forge.ogf.org file /sf/docman/do/downloadDocument/projects.gus-rg/docman.root.meeting_materials_and_minutes.ggf6_documents/doc6268 at Sun, 06 Nov 2022 06:25:12 GMT
<!-- Added by HTTrack --><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8" /><!-- /Added by HTTrack -->
<head>
  <title>Global Grid Forum User Services -- GGF-6 July 2002 meeting minutes</title>
                       
  <style>


	body {font-family: Verdana, sans-serif;


	background-color: #FFFFFF


	}


	h1,h2,h3,h4 {color: navy;


	}


	h3,h4 {margin-bottom: -1 pt


	}


  </style>
           
  <meta name="description"
 content="Global Grid Forum User Services Research Group Minutes">
             
  <meta name="keywords"
 content="Global Grid Forum, Minutes, Edinburgh, GGF-6, 
group purpose, User Services, GF-WG">
</head>
  <body bgcolor="#ffffff" topmargin="10" leftmargin="30">
<!-- BEGIN MAIN BODY -->         
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="620">
       
</table>
     
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="540">
    <tbody>
       <tr valign="top">
     <td colspan="4"><img src="../GFlogo.html" alt="">
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr valign="top">
        <td><br>
        </td>
        <td colspan="2"><br>
        </td>
        <td align="right"><br>
        </td>
      </tr>
       
  </tbody>  
</table>
           
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="540">
    <tbody>
       <tr valign="bottom">
     <td colspan="4"><img src="../dot-clear.html" alt="" nosave=""
 border="0" height="5" width="1">
         </td>
    </tr>
     <tr valign="top">
     <td width="39"><img src="../dot-clear.html" alt="" nosave=""
 border="0" height="1" width="39">
         </td>
     <td width="1" bgcolor="#333399"><img src="../dot-clear.html" alt=""
 nosave="" border="0" height="1" width="1">
         </td>
     <td width="20" bgcolor="#333399"><img src="../dot-clear.html" alt=""
 nosave="" border="0" height="1" width="20">
         </td>
     <td width="480" bgcolor="#333399"><img src="../dot-clear.html"
 alt="" nosave="" border="0" height="1" width="1">
         </td>
    </tr>
      <tr valign="top">
     <td width="39"><img src="../dot-clear.html" alt="" nosave=""
 border="0" height="1" width="39">
         </td>
     <td width="1" bgcolor="#333399"><img src="../dot-clear.html" alt=""
 nosave="" border="0" height="1" width="1">
         </td>
     <td width="20"><img src="../dot-clear.html" alt="" nosave=""
 border="0" height="1" width="5">
         </td>
     <td width="480"><img src="../dot-clear.html" alt="" nosave=""
 border="0" height="20" width="20">
     <font face="Verdana,Arial,Helvetica">  <!-- text start in 4th cell of the table-->
   </font>                     
      <h2><font face="Verdana,Arial,Helvetica">GGF-User Services Research 
 Group<br>
    Minutes from October 2002 Meetings</font></h2>
                          
      <div class="Section1">                       
      <p class="MsoNormal"><!--[if !supportEmptyParas]--><font
 face="Verdana,Arial,Helvetica">&nbsp;<!--[endif]--><o:p></o:p></font></p>
                          
      <p class="MsoNormal"><font face="Verdana,Arial,Helvetica">Meeting were 
 run back-to-back, so there is only one set of minutes.<br>
         </font></p>
                       
      <p class="MsoNormal">Grid User Services Research Group, 10/16/02<br>
   GGF-6, Chicago<br>
         <br>
   Attendees: John Towns (NCSA &amp; NLANR), Alistair Mills (RAL), Jim Guiliani 
 (Ohio SC), George Myers (NASA/Ames), Jim Ferguson (NCSA &amp; NLANR), Brian 
 Homrich (Datasynapse), Yutaka Kudo (Hitachi), Marian Bubak (ACC Cyfronet)<br>
         <br>
         </p>
                       
      <ul>
           <li>John Towns initiated the meeting with introductions, plus
an  administrative update on the status of the group in the eyes of the GGF 
Steering  Committee.&nbsp;&nbsp; The Production Grid Management group, a new
group at the GGF, has been formed as a Research Group.&nbsp; Towns attended 
one of the new group's meetings earlier in this Forum, and they intend to 
be "complimentary" to the Grid User Services RG.</li>
                       
      </ul>
                                              
      <ul>
           <li>The Steering Committee is concerned that documents in development 
 are not advancing fast enough, and more effort needs to be put into the documents
 in between meetings.</li>
                       
      </ul>
                                              
      <ul>
           <li>New members were brought up to date on the history of the
group,  and trying to encourage more participation (outside of the European
meetings)  of European and Asia/Pacific region members.</li>
                       
      </ul>
                       
      <ul>
           <li>Rundown of the documents currently in progress:</li>
                       
      </ul>
                                              
      <blockquote>                           
        <ul>
             <li>User Services Common Practice - nearly complete, Towns making 
 some minor mods before submittal as a final document to the next GGF meeting.</li>
                             
        </ul>
         </blockquote>
                                              
      <blockquote>                           
        <ul>
             <li>Grid Constitution - George Myers leading, we are nearly
finished  and need just a bit more content to be added.&nbsp; Possible final
document  for the next GGF meeting, worst case will be a final review session.</li>
                             
        </ul>
         </blockquote>
                                              
      <blockquote>                           
        <ul>
             <li>Trouble Ticket Interchange - previous volunteer author has 
 had health issues since last GGF in Edinburgh, and also will not be getting 
 support to attend GGF in the future, so we need a new author.</li>
                             
        </ul>
         </blockquote>
                                              
      <blockquote>                           
        <ul>
             <li>Services and Tool Requirements - not very far along, and 
previous  volunteer author has had to resign due to workload.&nbsp; We need 
a new author.</li>
                             
        </ul>
         </blockquote>
                       
      <ul>
           <li>Jim Guiliani volunteered to be the new lead author on the
Services  and Tool Requirements document.&nbsp; This document will deal with
tools and services needed by *support staff* in their everyday dealing supporting 
users on the Grid.<br>
           </li>
                       
      </ul>
                       
      <ul>
           <li>The Trouble Ticket Interchange document was left vacant for
 now. &nbsp;Hopefully we can identify a new volunteer from the readership
of these notes...or we may end up pushing this document to the Production
Grid Management group.<br>
           </li>
                       
      </ul>
                                              
      <ul>
           <li>George Myers commenced a discussion of the Grid Constitution 
 document, on which he is the lead author.&nbsp; Discussion started with the
 current state of the document, and its organization was explained to those
 who had not seen it before.&nbsp; Discussion of the Intellectual Property 
 bullet (2.3) and its origin &amp; importance.&nbsp; Towns to provide the 
portion of the Alliance subcontracts that address this issue for inclusion 
in the document.<br>
           </li>
                       
      </ul>
                                              
      <ul>
           <li>Alistair opined that lack of detail in some of the issues
listed  (like IPR) in the Grid Constitution doc is actually just fine, as
it should  mostly function as a 'template' for other to take and attach importance 
to  each section as applies to their current context.</li>
                       
      </ul>
                                              
      <ul>
           <li>Section 3 was discussed, along with the questions submitted
 regarding that section.&nbsp; George will be converting some of the questions
 to the outline.&nbsp; A discussion about leaving the "question forma" in
the doc, or converting it over to fully statement-based doc.&nbsp; There
are good reasons to leave some sections in question format, because the sections
 make more sense in that context.&nbsp; Or perhaps we will add questions
to  each other section as we think are required.&nbsp; Document might be
more  practically useful' written with questions for the reader to consider.</li>
                       
      </ul>
                       
      <ul>
           <li>Alistair volunteered to give George an example of a real legal-eze 
 agreement&nbsp; between parties, which will perhaps be useful to point out 
 some areas where local lawyers might be interested.</li>
                       
      </ul>
                                              
      <ul>
           <li>The participants thought sections 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9 all 
looked  pretty good as is.&nbsp; This should not discourage and edits from 
readers  who did not make this meeting!</li>
                       
      </ul>
                                              
      <ul>
           <li>George will reformat and work in comments to section 3, send 
 edited version to the group and then set up a conference call to review what
 he has done.&nbsp; Target for the call will be sometime after SC02, and
before  Christmas holidays.<br>
           </li>
                       
      </ul>
                                              
      <ul>
           <li>Need to clarify deliverables for the various documents in
the  Mission statement.&nbsp; Need to have meeting minutes up on web site
within  2 weeks.</li>
                       
      </ul>
                       
      <ul>
           <li>Some discussion on sharing work on documents with the new
Production  Grid Management group.<br>
           </li>
                       
      </ul>
         </div>
                       
      <p><font face="Verdana,Arial,Helvetica"><br>
     	   <!-- END info--> <font size="1" color="#bbbbbb">   </font></font></p>
                       
      <hr width="75%" align="center">                      
      <p> <font face="Verdana,Arial,Helvetica"><font size="1"
 color="#bbbbbb">Please send edits or updates for document to  <a
 href="mailto:ferguson@ncsa.uiuc.edu">ferguson@ncsa.uiuc.edu</a>.  </font></font></p>
                       
      <p> <font face="Verdana,Arial,Helvetica"><font size="1"
 color="#bbbbbb">06 April 2000 </font></font></p>
                       
      <p>  </p>
         </td>
       </tr>
             
  </tbody>   
</table>
    <br>
   <br>
  <br>
 
<!-- forge.gridforum.org footer.html -->
<br> <hr>
<table width='100%'> 
 <tr>
  <td align='left'>   <a href='http://www.ogf.org/' target='_blank' style='border: 0 px;'><img src='../../../../../../ogf-it/opengridforum.gif' alt='The Open Grid Forum' style='border:0px white solid;'></a><td>
  <td align='center'> <a href='mailto:webmaster@ogf.org'>Contact Webmaster</a> 
                    | <a href="../../../../../tracker/do/createArtifact/projects.ggf-info/tracker.html">Report a problem</a>
                    | <a href="../../../../../wiki/do/viewPage/projects.ggf-info/wiki/HomePage.html">GridForge Help</a>
                    </td>
  <td align='right'>  
<!--		<img src='/ogf-it/powered_by_dell.gif' alt='Powered by Dell'> -->
<!-- Begin DigiCert/ClickID site seal HTML and JavaScript -->
<div id="DigiCertClickID_sxSDRU4L">
  <a href="http://www.digicert.com/">SSL Certificates</a>
</div>
<script type="text/javascript">
var __dcid = __dcid || [];__dcid.push(["DigiCertClickID_sxSDRU4L", "10", "m", "black", "sxSDRU4L"]);(function(){var cid=document.createElement("script");cid.type="text/javascript";cid.async=true;cid.src=("https:" === document.location.protocol ? "https://" : "http://")+"seal.digicert.com/seals/cascade/seal.min.js";var s = document.getElementsByTagName("script");var ls = s[(s.length - 1)];ls.parentNode.insertBefore(cid, ls.nextSibling);}());
</script>
<!-- End DigiCert/ClickID site seal HTML and JavaScript -->
  </td>
 </tr>
</table>
<!-- google analytics code -->
<script type="text/javascript">
var gaJsHost = (("https:" == document.location.protocol) ? "https://ssl." : "http://www.");
document.write(unescape("%3Cscript src='" + gaJsHost + "google-analytics.com/ga.js' type='text/javascript'%3E%3C/script%3E"));
</script>
<script type="text/javascript">
try {
var pageTracker = _gat._getTracker("UA-6775861-2");
pageTracker._trackPageview();
} catch(err) {}</script>

</body>

This is a static archive of the previous Open Grid Forum GridForge content management system saved from host forge.ogf.org file /sf/docman/do/downloadDocument/projects.gus-rg/docman.root.meeting_materials_and_minutes.ggf6_documents/doc6268 at Sun, 06 Nov 2022 06:25:12 GMT
</html>
