JSDL Meeting

14 June 2006

Attendees:

Andreas
Donal
Michel
Marvin
Stephen

Agenda:

1) Parallel Jobs
  Action ASM: to upload stuff from last GGF

  Action Michel: Send out parameter sweep extension soon

2) Profiles for different use cases
  Different groups will write their own Normative descriptions of what they want to do with JSDL. However,
  any changes (bug fixes) to JSDL core spec or Extensions to JSDL shall be fed back to the GGF group.

3) OGSA Information Monitoring Rendering
  This is happening at the OGSA call on Monday people should try to attend. Document to come around.
  Action Andreas: To send around document and other material to the JSDL group.

4) Liason with SDD TC
  An issue that we should look into.
  Action Andreas: To send more information out on this one.

5) AOB
   Andreas: Tracker for Post 1 requests
   Marvin will be filling these in with the issues he has.
   
   Michel: Tracker monitoring - can this be enabled for JSDL?
   Andreas: to look into this

   Andreas: OGSA Information Model work comming up on the Monday OGSA call
   People should try to attend.

   Meetings: We shall move to a weekly meeting.
