JSDL Telecon Meeting
====================
September 10th, 2003 - 22:00 GMT
================================


Attendees:
==========

Darren Pulsipher (Cadence) - attending GGF9
Ali Anjomshoaa (EPCC) - attending GGF9
An Ly (CA)
Steve McGough (LeSC) - attending GGF9
Ming Xu (Platform) - attending GGF9
Hrabri Rajic (DRMAA, Intel) - attending GGF9
Fred Brisard (CA) - possibly attending GGF9
Karl Czajkowski (ISI) - attending GGF9
Andreas Savva (Fujitsu) - attending GGF9
Hiro Kishimoto (OGSA, Fujitsu) - attending GGF9
Alian Andrieux (ISI) - attending GGF9


Agenda:
=======

1. Discussion of the contents of the two GGF9 sessions

--> Session 1:

 - "What is JSDL?" general marketing. (10-20 mins.)

   * Include motivation for JSDL
   * Include interactions and dependencies on other work


 - JSDL structure.

   * JSDL Core set.
   * JSDL Extensibility Mechanism - a tag that allows any XML that 
     corresponds to a specific system, as defined by a JSDL compliant 
     schema(?).


 - JSDL Spec.

   * Discuss outline of document


--> Session 2:

 - OGSI/WS-Agreement

   * See below...


2. Discussion of the impact of the OGSI-Agreement framework on 
   JSDL

 - Does the Agreement language and framework restrict JSDL in its 
   applicability to non-Grid Service or OGSI architectures?

 - Does it restrict JSDL in its applicability to non-Agreement 
   frameworks?

(
 - Talk to be given by Karl Czajkowski, or Steve Tuecke, or Alain Andrieux
   on Agreement framework and the relation to JSDL

 - Talk to be given by Ming Xu on OGSA/Globus and JSDL

(added after meeting) )


3. JSDL Spec

 - Currently drawing up the document outline, for discussion leading up 
   to and at GGF9


4. Discussion of dissemination at Globus World in San Francisco

 - Is it early days?

 - Can GRAAP say a few words about JSDL in their dissemination?

 - Can anyone else outside JSDL say anything about JSDL at Globus World?


Discussion:
===========

Discussion of Agenda items:

1. GGF9 Sessions:
=================

It was agreed that the outline presented (above) for the two sessions 
at GGF9 is good.

Steve McGough suggested that emphasis should be put onto the JSDL Spec 
document, and it was agreed that the discussion of the Spec and the JSDL 
structure are dependent and the first session would focus around them.

It was agreed that the second session would focus around how JSDL fits 
into the OGSA and Agreement frameworks and speakers have been invited to 
lead the discussion.

o Speakers have been invited to talk about the OGSI/WS-Agreement framework 
  and the relation of JSDL to that. One of Karl Czajkowski, or Steve Tuecke, 
  or Alain Andrieux will talk on this.

o Ming Xu has been invited to talk about his discussions with the Globus 
  group and where the JSDL fits into those. He has accepted.


2. OGSI/WS-Agreement Framework and JSDL:
========================================

It was agreed that discussion would be lead in the second JSDL session at 
GGF9 by one of Karl Czajkowski, or Steve Tuecke, or Alain Andrieux.

Ali requested that those wishing to partake, study the current DRAFT 
Agreement document, which is linked from the JSDL web page.

It was noted that the current Agreement document is not yet mature and 
discussions are ongoing in the GRAAP-WG to build on current thoughts and 
ideas.


3. JSDL Spec Doc:
=================

It was agreed that Ali would send the structure of the spec doc to the 
list for discussion.


4. Dissemination at Globus World:
=================================

Steve McGough suggested that JSDL should have some exposure. It was 
undecided as to how we would partake in Globus World next Jan. 2004.

Darren Pulsipher suggested that he might attend Globus World.

Should discuss this perhaps at GGF9. It will be too late then for 
submission of abstracts, although posters can still be submitted until 
Oct.


5. AOB:
=======

o It was agreed that the time of the telecon is OK with everyone on line. 
Anyone not able to attend because of the current scheduled time of 22:00 GMT 
should let us know. The question will be posed on the JSDL list.


o JSDL were asked to talk at one of the OGSA sessions at GGF9 regarding how 
they may or may not fit into the OGSA picture. It was agreed that we would 
read relevant documentation and accept if we are able to do this. The 
following is a brief guide:

Ask the visiting WGs to:

- Look at the OGSA document, particularly the section we think applies to 
  their working group and present their reaction to the meeting.

- Talk to us about how their work fits into OGSI, OGSA, and Service 
  Oriented Architecture.

- Is our draft understanding of the work in your service area complete, 
  consistent, concepts, ...? - Highlight and mismatches they see.

- Present/discuss for about 15 Minutes at the OGSA session. - Expect 
  10 minutes discussion.


