JSDL Teleconference - 12 December 2007
======================================

* Participants
 
  Michel Drescher
  Steve McGough
  Donal Fellow
  Andreas Savva

  Minutes: Andreas Savva

* Agenda bashing

  - Skip UDAP discussion since no representative on the call.
  - Donal mentioned a discussion on the HPCP list about inventoring
    application names; something to keep an eye out for.

* JSDL 1.0 Errata

  - Discussed new issue about 'dontOverwrite' meaning if the file is
    already present. Agreed to include similar text to the FileStaging
    in the CreationFlag section and also to amend the text in the
    Table defining the enumeration
  - Checked formatting of detailed list of changes and agreed these
    should go in a subsection of the Appendix, indicating the version
    they are relative to.
  - Agreed to a change from naming Editors on the front page to naming
    Corresponding Authors per the proposed update to GFD.1. 
    - Corresponding Authors will be Michel, Steve, Donal, Andreas
  - Michel was actioned with checking 'fixed' items accepting changes
    and closing artifacts
  - Andreas will issue final call and try to get the document
    submitted by the next GFSG call. Ask for it to be treated as an
    errata submission if possible; a new document otherwise.

* Next call scheduled for next week
  
  - Andreas will confirm whether Philipp Wieder will be available to
    discuss the udap documents.