JSDL Teleconference - 20 August 2008
====================================

* Participants

  Fred Brisard
  Michel Drescher
  Donal Fellows
  David Meredith
  Alexander Papaspyrou
  Andreas Savva (Minutes)
  Philipp Wieder 
  Geoff Williams

* Parameter sweep issue review

** artf6269 -- extensibility for constraints
   
   - Discussed current proposal. It uses xsd unique to ensure
     uniqueness, which creates the problem of introducing something in
     the main spec to accomodate a specific extension without any
     other use.
     -  Agreed that it would be less disruptive if the name was just
        an ncname and there was text saying it should be unique when
        the extension is formulated.
   - And add extensibility to the sweep element to allow for the
     introduction of a constraints element later on

** artf6148 -- example to show how sweep index and output files can be
   matched

   - Andreas to add example to the spec.

   [Review after the call showed a minor change in the spec is also
   needed to enable this example. Added to the artifact comments.]

** Pen with Andreas and then to Michel

** No further call on parameter sweep is planned as the issues have
   been resolved/fixed. Review can proceed on the list, followed by a
   final call and submission to the OGF Editor by OGF24

* Activity instance document schema

  - Alexander posted a clean list before the call. 
    - Agreed to add which use case each requirement comes from
  - List seems more specific to 'job' rather than abstract as UDAP;
    this may be a consequence of the more narrow use cases
  - Next step is to prioritize requirements 
    - Initially into high / medium / low? 

    ACTION: Alexander & Philipp will put requirements in a table and
            send round for people to mark up wrt priorities

  - Also need to show dependencies between requirements if any
  - It would be nice to also have a draft schema by OGF, for
    discussion at the session

  - Use cases collected can be an appendix to the final document
    (discuss later)

* Next call

  Chairs are away for the next couple of weeks.

  Next call is scheduled for Sep 10. It will be OGF preparaion and any
  last minute issue resolution

* OGF sessions

  Fred and Michel wish to dial in. Andreas will arrange that the
  sessions be at a reasonable time.

