JSDL Telecon Minutes
====================
March 3rd, 2004 - 14:00 GMT
===========================


Attendees:
==========

Ali Anjomshoaa (EPCC)
Steve McGough (LeSC)
Fred Brisard (CA)
Andreas Savva (Fujitsu)
An Ly (CA)


Apologies:
==========


Agenda:
=======

 - Agenda items include:

   o status check of work,
   o readiness for GGF10,
   o review of 4 meeting agendas,
   o review of slides (if any available),
   o review of JSDL scope statements (if any available),
   o discussion of JSDL document and attribute mutability.


Discussion:
===========

Administrative:
---------------

   o status check of work
     --------------------

 - No changes to specification document since 25th February.


   o readiness for GGF10
     -------------------

 - Steve: The group of JSDL regulars should narrow scope of JSDL before 
          GGF10 presentation.

 - Ali: We should each put in our scope positions, then discuss differences.

--

 - Andreas: Mutability(?) - would prefer to address the submission issues 
            now and address more complex issues like mutability later on.

 - Steve: Agree.

--

 - Andreas: JSDL as an "Ontology" - questionable.

 - Steve: Agree.

 - Ali: Ontology = Semantics of JSDL attributes + rules of engagement on 
        how to use the JSDL.

 - Andreas: Would alleviate this if we stuck with job submission, i.e. don't 
            need to deal with post-submission issues.

 - Steve: Agree.

 - Ali: Remove "ontology" for just job submission.

--

 - Andreas: Scope statement could include the big picture and highlight 
            what part JSDL will play.

 - Steve: Core JSDL should be our focus as per JSDL charter.

--

 - Andreas: Can an instance of an executable be run on a distributed 
            environment, e.g. MPICH job?

 - Ali: Yes. Will put explicitly into scope position statement.

--

 - Ali: requested comments on "What is JSDL?" (scope) position statement
        Andreas, Steve, An, Fred.


   o review of 4 meeting agendas
     ---------------------------

 - Ali: To book conference call for Thursday 11th 18:00 for An and Lee 
        and ?

 - Ali: To put agendas on gridforge.


   o review of slides for GGF10
     --------------------------

 - Ali: Fred's template is on GridForge under the GGF10 category.

 - Ali: Looked at Fred's slides. Should be prepared to discuss why we 
        don't want to address complex scheduling and workflow issues 
        in the JSDL.

 - Fred: to forward updated scheduling slides to Steve and Andreas.


   o review of JSDL scope statements
     -------------------------------

 - Already discussed above in 'readiness for GGF10'. All to send embedded 
   comments to Ali for new version of the JSDL scope position statement.


   o discussion of JSDL document- and attribute-mutability
     ----------------------------------------------------

 - Steve: Anything that changes a JSDL document up to the point of 
          submission and the acceptance by a "system" of that submission, 
          is JSDL.

 - Inconclusive discussion of the mutability issue.

 - Ali: Job Submission or Job Specification?


AOB:
----
None


DONM:
-----
March 24rd, 2004 - 23:00 GMT (90 min.)

 - Agenda items will include:
   o ??

----------------------
