DMI Telcon - 15th August 2007
=============================

Present:
         Mario Antonioletti, EPCC
         Allen Luniewski, IBM,
         Michel Drescher, Fujitsu
         Steven Newhouse, Microsoft

Agenda:

       1. IPR Notice
       2. Agenda Bashing
       3. Group Leadership
       4. Current Document Review
       5. Session at OGSA F2F
       6. Where Next?
       7. AoB

Mario asked Steven whether we could still try to get HPC profile folks
to adopt DMI. Steven said that the HPC Profile folks were currently
concentrating on a profile of the JSDL document.  What should one
expect for data staging in and out - a URL? Something else? 
DMI could have a URL - could point to a DMI service - needs to be 
worked out.

1. IPR notice

   Called to attention.

2. Agenda Bashing 
  
   Everyone thought that the agenda was ok.

3. Group Leadership

   Mario is willing to stand as a co-chair.
   No objections presented at the call.
   If no objection is presented at the mailing list then 
   Mario should notify the area directors.

4. Current Document Review.

   No one has the write token at the moment.

5. Session at OGSA F2F

   Michel and Steve were going to present a couple of slides
   and talk over the document at the OGSA f2f and collect
   any feedback. 

   Everyone else should read over the document and then collect any
   issues with those from the OGSA face-to-face together.

6. Where Next?

   Will be determined by the level of feedback from the face-to-face.

   Issue about doing implementations and experimentation before the
   document is moved on to the document pipeline.

   Edinburgh has no free resource to work on this, Allen is the same.
   Steven and Michel may be able to do implementations but this will be
   out of hours. Michel might be able to provide the first version of
   the WSDL and XML Schema.

   We seem to think that the document is about 80% complete.


7. AoB

   To summarise:

    o Michel and Steve will present the DMI document at the OGSA face-to-face
      and collect feed-back. This will be disseminated to the group.
    o Everyone will go over the DMI document and note any issues.
    o Have a telcon next week to discuss the issues about the document. 
      10am Chicago time is ok for Ravi.

DONM: 4pm (BST), 10am (Central), 8am (Pacific)
      Use Steven's numbers?

   
