JSDL Teleconference - 18 February 2009
======================================

* Participants

  Geoff Williams
  David Meredith
  Andreas Savva
  Philipp Wieder

* Philipp, Geoff & David cannot make it to OGF25. Andreas to arrange
  for skype to be available during the sessions

* Parameter sweep 
  - Discussed process moving forward. Target to be finished by OGF25
    and possibly talk about the resolutions during the OGF25 general
    session.
    - Geoff will follow up on Donal's comments on the list
    - Andreas will arrange for a call next week
   - Agreed that it's ok to go ahead and start making edits to the
     document based on the discussion so far. For the still unresolved
     issues having concrete text to argue over may be more
     constructive.
   - Andreas will ask gEclipse if they have implemented the xpath
     substr feature

* Activity instance
  - Philipp sent out draft. To review on next call

* Next call is Feb 25
