JSDL Conference call
====================

29 November 2006

Participants:
=============
Andreas Savva, Fujitsu
Fabio Benedetti, IBM
Michel Drescher, Fujitsu
Steve McGough, Imperial College

Minutes: Michel Drescher

Update on JSDL from OGSA-F2F
===========================
- All today's call participants were at the Noov. OGSA F2F (OGSA-16)
  -- Hence no update is needed
- AI-11.29a: Michel to prepare a XQuery live demo on a JSDL call of the 
             work carried out for OGSA-WG

JSDL 1.1
========
- Steven walks us through the tracker list for JSDL 1.1 
  -- Some are very minor things
     --- i.e. the schema is fixed, but the document is not
- Artifact 5641 "Optional tags on extensions"
  -- Currently a feature request
  -- The group discusses the alternatives how to implement this 
     feature request
  -- How to do deal with the "MountSource" issue?
     --- The group tends to (more or less) silently discard it from the spec
         ---- This would be an incompatible change 
  -- WS-Policy has a similar technique. This group defined attributes
     that can be used for this purpose
  -- WS-Addressing uses a similar technique
  -- AI-11.29b: Fabio to provide relevant links how WS-Policy solves the 
                "optional tag on extension" issue
  -- AI-11.29c: Michel to provide relevant links how WS-Addressing solves the 
                "optional tag on extension" issue
  -- The group decides to postpone the decision and re-schedule it
     for the next call after further discussion
- Email archive on other issues
  -- Chris Smith volunteered to check his email archive and give a list of
     issues to feed in from the OGSA-HPCP group
- No defined Errata process
  -- OGF will set up one
  -- Target date unknown
  -- Errata process not applicable here as we are creating a new specification 
     version that will covver all errata for the previous version

New extension drafts
====================
- New SPMDApplication draft available
- Andreas walsk the group through the latest draft
- The issues narrowed down to three items
- The most controversial issue so far was ch. 5.2
  -- Should the XML element be nillable, or should another
     mechanism be used?
  -- Fabio suggests an alternative approach
     --- Use the xs:choice technique
     --- But JAX-RPC 1.1 doesn't support that
  -- Nonetheless this is not a showstopper to hinder the document
     to enter Public Comment
- SPMDVariation uses the same extension technique that JSDL 1.0 uses
  for OSEnumeration
- Currently, the document specifies variations of MPI
  -- Do we want to add PVM etc. to the document?
  -- AI-11.29d: Andreas to into adding PVM into the SPMDVariationEnumeration
  -- AI-11.29e: Andreas to include a MPICH version information to the document

OGF-19 planning
===============
- We have to flesh out our plans
- The call is right now inappropriate for this
  -- There is JSDL 1.1
  -- There is SPMDApplcation 
- Iterate the agenda on ML and a future call
  -- We should schedule at least two more calls in January for OGF-19 preparation
     --- 17 January 2007
     --- 24 January 2007
 
Any other business
==================
- Date of next call
  -- tentatively 13 December 2006, usual times
- AI-11.29f: Steve to send a mail to the Area Directors regarding status updates

Summary of Action Items of this call
====================================
AI-11.29a: Michel to prepare a XQuery live demo on a JSDL call of the 
           work carried out for OGSA-WG
AI-11.29b: Fabio to provide relevant links how WS-Policy solves the 
           "optional tag on extension" issue
AI-11.29c: Michel to provide relevant links how WS-Addressing solves the 
           "optional tag on extension" issue
AI-11.29d: Andreas to add PVM to SPMDVariationEnumeration element
AI-11.29e: Andreas to include a MPICH version information to the document
AI-11.29f: Steve to send a mail to the Area Directors regarding status updates
