JSDL Teleconference - 18 October 2006
=====================================

* Participants

  Fred Brisard (CA)
  Rich Ciapala (MS)
  Michel Drescher (Fujitsu)
  Donal Fellows (UoM)
  An Ly (CA)
  Andreas Savva (Fujitsu)
  
  Minutes: Andreas Savva

* Summary of new actions

  (Some are re-stated from previous minutes in order to number them)

  AI-1018a: Michel and Donal to write up backwards compatibility
              statement.

  AI-1018b: Donal will write a summary of the referencing proposal
             (based on Igor's original proposal)

  AI-1018c: Andreas will talk with Darren and get an initial JSDL 1.1
                   draft on gridforge by next call.

  AI-1018e: Andreas to send a reminder to Chris Smith for additional
            JSDL 1.1 issues


* Teleconference day/time

  Summer time ends Oct 28. (Except Japan; no summer time.) The current
  slot and day of the week needs to be confirmed. There were no
  objections to the current UTC slot or day (Wednesday) from people on
  the call.

  There will be a call next week---the last call before the summer
  time change.
  
* Review JSDL 1.1 actions

  [From GGF18]

> - Backwards compatibility acceptability
>       - Adding new optional Elements
>       - Widening the cardinality of an element 
>       - Michel and Donal to come up with a simple document (one Page
>         Max) on our statement of documentation.
>         
>       - We will make sure that all minor releases are backwards compatible.
>       - Major releases are not under the same restriction.
>       - Part of the 1.1 specification will have what has changed.


  Michel has written up a position statement and has sent it to Donal
  for review. The plan is to post it to the list by the end of this
  week / beginning of next week. And to discuss on next week's call.

  AI-1018a: Michel and Donal to write up backwards compatibility
              statement.

> 
> - Andreas to send email to the CIM guys to let them know that
>   PalmPilot should be PalmOS.

  In progress. (This is not an issue for JSDL 1.1)

> 
> - MountPoint needs to be resolved. Michel needs to look at
>   compatibility for this.

    Need to decide on compatibility approach first.

> 
> - Donal to give a summary on JSDL Referencing.

  This refers to part of Igor's proposal for 1.0. The group adopted
  the extension mechanism from that proposal but not the way of
  referencing elements in the document. This is not necessarily an
  issue for 1.1 but may enable other stuff like expression of
  dependencies.

  AI-1018b: Donal will write a summary of the referencing proposal
             (based on Igor's original proposal)

> - Add security consideration for every element.  - Start JSDL 1.1
> draft (Darren)

  AI-1018c: Andreas will talk with Darren and get an initial JSDL 1.1
                   draft on gridforge by next call.

  AI-1018e: Andreas to send a reminder to Chris Smith for additional
            JSDL 1.1 issues

> * Experiences Document - BES (Andrew, Mark), Steve, Michel, Saga
> 
>       - Ask the vendors to submit Experience Documents.

  Agreed that this is low priority at this moment. It should be
  possible to leverage the experience of the HPC Profile
  interoperability work.

* Other Action Items

> AI-0927a: C Smith: Resolve the ambiguity between the definition of the
>                    Executable element and a later referring footnote
> AI-0927b: A Savva: Do the same for the POSIXApplication extension in 
>                    JSDL 1.0  

        Above was assigned to Chris Smith on last call. Andreas will
        take it over and check the POSIXApplication text.

>                 
> AI-0927c; C Smith: Brush up the definition of the Argument element in 
>                    relation to 
>                    - what means "collapsed"
>                    - combining consecutive Argument elements
>                    - constrained normalized string
> AI-0927d: C Smith: To clarify the document with respect to container 
>                    behaviour for Input Output and Error and the current
>                    workung directory (see Executable element definition)

  - Andreas had a look through the revised HPC Application draft a few
    weeks ago. The revisions wrt above actions looked good.
  - Donal is also planning to review the document.

* Review any new drafts, if available

        Andreas is planning to have the Parallel Application extension
        (schema) ready for review by next call.

* Other business - OGSA F2F 

  - People planning to attend OGSA F2F: 
    - Fred, An, Michel, Donal, Andreas. Also probably Steve.
  - There may be sufficient people to arrange for a 1-2 hour slot,
    depending on agenda.

