JSDL Teleconference - 5 September 2007
======================================

* Participants

  Philipp Wieder
  Steve McGough
  Michel Drescher
  Andreas Savva

  Minutes: Andreas Savva

* OGF21 sessions

  - All sessions are on Wednesday on the tentative schedule
  - Not sure if people will be dialing in from Europe for the instance
    schema session. If so, we can probably swap the instance (evening)
    slot with the general (morning) slot.

** Instance schema session

   - Main presentation so far is UDAP by Philipp: probably 20 minutes
     or 
   - Steve will do the introduction to the session and also give a
     GridSAM/BES perspective
   - Andreas will talk to NAREGI for a short presentation on their
     requirements
   - Goal is to decide how to move forward with this work.
   - Need to let people know this is happening.

   AI: Andreas will send an email to the lists: JSDL, HPCP, BES, and
       also GSA (Philipp to forward)

** General session

   AI: Steve will send an email to the list to solicit presentations
       on implementations. Probably cross-post to BES/HPCP also

   Agreed to have a short intro to Parameter Sweep here (mainly to
   remind people that this work exists) instead of a separate
   technical session. There hasn't been any technical work on this
   since last OGF but the draft is believed to be technically
   complete.
   
   Also agreed to arrange a separate, informal, meeting and talk how
   to move forward with the Parameter Sweep draft. Need to get some
   people to read it by OGF21. Probably at a minimum Donal, Steve and
   Andreas.

   AI: Michel will send an email to stakeholders/interested parties to
       remind them the parameter sweep draft is on gridforge.

** Technical session

   - Looks like it will be mainly on XQuery.
   - Andreas has an action from a previous call to do a strawman for
     the document, which he will do before OGF21
   - There is the list of use cases discussed at the August F2F, which
     could be another discussion point
   - The group also agreed to help out RSS-WG with XQuery in the
     context of the use cases
   - Showing how a JSDL XQuery requirements 'section' would work with
     an RSS XQuery selection 'section' is an useful exercise

   AI: Michel will do a presentation on how JSDL XQuery + RSS
       XQuery might work together for OGF21. Review a draft on a call
       before OGF21

* Experience document

  - Two responses so far: Unicore (Morris) and GenesisII (Mark)
  - Waiting for GridSAM response

  - SC07 HPCP Interop will probably do data staging but not clear yet
    what else

  - There will likely be some features that people have not
    implemented fully. Need to decide what to do about those when
    writing the experience report.

  AI: Andreas will send an open invitation to the list for survey
      responses. Also cross-post to BES, HPCP

  The group should review responses and talk at OGF21 how to move
  forward

* JSDL 1.0 Errata

  - Andreas posted two new editorial issues.
  - There are a couple of pending issues on Donal, otherwise it looks
    like this work is coming to a close

  AI: Andreas will talk to the OGF Editor on how to go about
      publishing this document and get back to the group by the next
      call

* Next call tentatively in two weeks time

