JSDL Teleconference - 28 November 2007
======================================

* Participants

  Andreas Savva
  Alexander Papaspyrou
  Fred Brisard
  Philipp Wieder
  Steve McGough

> Proposed agenda:
> - Updates, if any, on
>    - SC07 activities
>    - Experience report     

     - Interop demos went well, showing also data staging
     - No update on combined experience report. Followup is needed to
       clarify if JSDL-WG should contribute to the combined report or
       write up a separate one. There is enough material (and more
       expected) from the survey.

>   - JSDL 1.0 Errata
      - No update. Some editorial work remains and then submit to the
        OGF Editor. Will ask for it to be considered as an errata
        submission and leave it to the GFSG to decide whether it
        should go through as a new GFD.
    
>   - XQuery extension
      - No update at this time but there is an OGSA Info Model
        Architecture call tomorrow where related topics are expected
        to be discussed.

> - Activity schema requirements discussion (cont.)
>   - UDAP document available?
      - Philipp is working through some logistical issues. Hopefully
        the document can be made available by early next week. If so,
        then a call will be scheduled next week; otherwise in two
        weeks time.
    
>   - scope of work
      - The consensus from last week stands.

> - Other business
  
    - Update on activities within GSA-RG and relation with JSDL. A
      JSDL scheduling extensions is being developed. Philipp will copy
      the JSDL-WG list when there is overlap.
