JSDL Teleconference - 10 October 2007
=====================================

  Fred Brisard
  Michel Drescher
  Donal Fellows
  Eduardo Huedo
  Steve McGough
  Andreas Savva
  Tino Vazquez

  Minutes: Andreas Savva

* Review and confirm session agendas, etc, for OGF21
  - General
        - Added GridWay presentation
        - UVa presentation is not confirmed yet
  - Working Session

   AI: Michel will do a presentation on how JSDL XQuery + RSS
       XQuery might work together for OGF21. Review a draft on a call
       before OGF21

        - Michel hasn't been able to get enough time to work on this
          due to work obligations
        - Agreed to arrange some time to talk about this next week and
          put something together for the session. Tuesday morning or
          before.

  - Activity Schema
        - Andreas will send an email to some groups, maybe rm and glue,
        - Andreas will ask Ellen Stokes for a 5 minutes presentation
          on the CIM Job class

- Actions from previous calls

   AI: Michel will send an email to stakeholders/interested parties to
       remind them the parameter sweep draft is on gridforge.

       Andreas will send an email to the list.

  AI: To put together a table of untested features for OGF21

      Andreas will do this for the General session

- Review text for errata resolution (I'll post a new draft before the
  call tomorrow)

  AI: Andreas will talk to the OGF Editor on how to go about
      publishing this document and get back to the group by the next
      call

      The OGF Editor thinks that this should be a new GFD mainly
      because it has been published nearly 2 years ago.
      - Andreas will ask the Area Directors for their opinion on what
        is the best to publish this

- Other business
