JSDL Teleconference - 7 November 2007
=====================================

* Participants

  Fred Brisard
  Steve McGough
  Alexander Papaspyrou
  Andreas Savva
  Philipp Wieder

  Minutes: Andreas Savva

* Activity schema 

** Overview

  Did a quick review of the presentations and state of the discussion
  from the OGF21 session:
  - UDAP
    - covering entire lifecycle of activity, including monitoring,
      provenance, security etc
    - Workflow is description of how activities relate to each other
    - Seems to fit with figure from GFD.56 (Philipp tried to explain
      it in those terms)
  - GridSAM/BES
    - Fits with GFD.56
    - Has added some features by necessity within JSDL document. Would
      like to formalize the relation of such features (e.g., security)
      to the JSDL doc
    - BES defined Activity document contains JSDL document
  - NAREGI
    - Defined top level schema for 'simple' and 'complex' activity
    - Identified certain features to include in addition to JSDL
    - Co-allocation semantics are part of the complex activity
      definition
  - CIM Job
    - Mainly for batch job / CGS (GGF)
    - The top level entities for Job could be extended for this work
  - GLUE
    - Information model top level entity for Activity
    - specific attributes from nordugrid

- UDAP implementation 
  - Has support for CIM based information service and model and for
    BES (BES Container information model by Ellen)
  - Relation with GLUE is something to look into when a more mature
    GLUE draft is available

** Scope discussion 

The first goal is to define the scope of the activity work. One
approach is to have
  - short term work for just the top level model, incl.  main
    entities, and not go into details for each entity;
  - longer term within a new group that will coordinate interaction
    with other related groups

Discussed whether it is necessary to go into details (not necessarily
exhaustive) for each entity. It may be possible to point to some
existing work in some cases but would not want to go to great detail
from the beginning. It depends on how interested people are; and in
any case is probably work for other groups.

Discussed some details of UDAP, for example its potential relation to
RSS and whether the candidates/plans/etc should be archived in it. It
is an open question even with the current UDAP spec. In any case this
kind of decisions are probably out of scope for standardization, at
least at the beginning.

Discussed the distinction of what would go into an activity document
vs what would go in JSDL. JSDL could remain as just the template with
instance information in the Activity.
  - Would definition of dependencies in scope? The container/entity
    that holds a dependencies/workflow document could be defined; but
    not what the dependency language is (can use any language)

The group would like to see more description of UDAP. There is no
public document available yet, however. IPR is by Juelich &
EPCC---work done as part of NextGRID project---but it should not be a
problem.

ACTION: Philipp will arrange for a document to be made available to
        the group within the next couple of week.

Agreed to the above mentioned "short term plan" as the first goal. It
is still not decided if all the work will be done within the JSDL-WG;
an initial/strawman will be worked on until the next OGF.

Scope needs to be refined. The group will discuss it further next call
and put some text (mission statement) together.

Agreed to Nov 28 for the next call. Next week is SC07 and the week
after is Thanksgiving in the US.
