JSDL Teleconference - 28 February 2007
======================================

* Participants

  Joe Bester
  Fred Brisard
  Michel Drescher
  Donal Fellow
  An Ly
  Steve McGough
  Andreas Savva

  Minutes: Andreas Savva

>  1. Early discussion/Agenda bashing (10min)
>       == Note OGF IPR rules apply ==
>       - Who is attending OGSA March F2F; arranging a session

  - Donal, Andreas, Michel are attending
  - Steve probably; waiting on funding
  - Agreed to a session at the OGSA F2F; will be working on agenda
    details on next week's call

>       - Time slot after US Daylight Saving Time on Mar.11

  - Stay on the same UTC slot. US goes one hour later after March 11;
    Europe after March 25; Japan stays at the same time.

>  2. Updates on drafts and assignments (20min)
>       - OGF errata process update

  - Andreas showed the text describing the proposed OGF errata
    process. This is being worked on by the GFSG and is not public
    yet.
  - Agreed that "JSDL 1.1" should be done as "JSDL 1.0 errata" as
    discussed at OGF19
  - Likely to be the first errata document for OGF. Agreed to feed
    back to the proposed Errata process any problems the group runs
    into.
  - The OGF has to make this Errata process public first

>       - JSDL 1.1 as 'JSDL 1.0 errata' and status review

  - Only Chris Smith has contributed proposed text to the 1.0 tracker
    so far
  - Artifact owners should review their assignments and submit text
  - Andreas took the pen on the document

>       - SPMD review (a new draft should be out before the call)

  - Andreas has uploaded draft 5 with changes agreed at OGF19. 
  - Discussed the change of SPMDVariation from an enumeration to a URI
    type
    - Agreed that there should be a comment (annotation) in the schema
      to implementers to refer to the specification for values
    - Donal suggested that a URN may be an option; security specs
      often use that form; another possibility is fragments
      - Decided to stay with URIs
  - The SPMDVariation list is not meant to be exhaustive and proposals
    for more names will be solicited on the list. (But should be
    adopted/well-known and have a stable location to refer to.)
  - There are a couple of instances where 'ggf' should be changed to
    'ogf'
  - Andreas has asked for comments from some people and will review
    and push to the list next week.
 
>  3. Parameter sweep (30min)

  - Michel went through the Parameter Sweep presentation (not
    available online)

** p4: Setting the position of the work in the EMS picture
** p5 
   - Discussed a number of issues: failure management, how to abort,
     etc. Some are policy issues, but all are service related and out
     of scope.
   - The main thing to keep in mind is that the proposal is just for a
     document type; service definition is out of scope
   - How about the overhead of expanding and then (possibly)
     collapsing the jsdl documents if the consuming system has a
     native parameter sweep function
     - Also would like to be able to map to native parameter sweep
     - It is an implementation issue
   - The presentation seemed to imply that there is always an
     expansion; might want to make it clearer that this is not
     necessarily the case.

** p6-9 Discussion on xml constructs to define the sweep 
   - Uses XPath 2.0
   - Some boundary cases (multi-dimension values with exceptions,
     fewer values per dimension, etc) may not be doable
   - Is it possible to substitute an arbitrary xml fragment with
     another?
     - Might be doable with XPath but need to check
   - XPath 2.0 may be perceived as complex; some people have expressed
     desire to use something 'simple'---not clear what the definition
     of 'simple' is.

** p10: There is a file package with examples online
   http://forge.ggf.org/sf/go/projects.jsdl-wg/frs.jsdl_wg
