JSDL Teleconference - 25 April 2007
===================================

* Participants

  Michel Drescher
  Donal Fellows
  Steve McGough
  Gabor Roczei
  Andreas Savva 

* OGF20 

** Discussed and updated agendas on the wiki
** Gabor's presentation probably in the first session. Gabor will send
   a copy of it in advance to Steve and Andreas
** Some uncertainty about having a parameter sweep session. Check
   again at OGF20.
** Andreas will ask Ellen Stokes when she is planning a draft for the
   information model
** No presentation for the joint session with GLUE/OGSA. A statement
   that we are going to be using the OGSA Info Model and require
   feature parity with JSDL 1.0 resource requirements
** Someone probably needs to attend the GSA session where they will
   talk about their scheduling language. Will decide at OGF20.
** Andreas will add other directly related sessions 
** RSS uses JSDL but has no direct requirements at this time

* JSDL 1.0 Errata

  Discussed Gabor's email

** The correct namespace URI is the ggf one
** epsilon question added to the tracker and resolved
** floating cpucount issue added to the tracker and resolved

** Quick review of open issues on the tracker.
