JSDL Telecon 19-04-2005
-----------------------
Attendees
---------

Ali
Donal
Michel
Steve
Andreas
Chris
Karl
Saga San


Apologies
---------

Fred
Darren


Agenda & Minutes
----------------

 0) UID/GID

    - POSIX UID and GID in the POSIX Application section.
      (Open Q: username vs. userID)

    [DONE] - Action: Donal to bring the open question to list

    --> Go with "UserName" and "GroupName" (not numerical IDs)
    --> Change the names of the elements
    --> User element (section) to go from the spec

    --> Action: Andreas


 1) Fig. 1 revision

    - Action: Andreas

    --> On Going


 2) Fig. 2 revision

    - Action: Andreas

    --> On Going


 3) Prefixes and namespaces (check and update)

    - waiting on Greg Newby and GFSG.

    [DONE] - Action: Michel to ensure that his recommended namespace is 
                     consistent throughout the spec (i.e. not to wait on 
                     Greg and GFSG).

    --> Michel has sent e-Mail to Andreas advising where to change what 
        in the spec and schema


 5) Section 3 (spec doc) general revision and polishing up

    - To be done...

    - Action: Andreas

    - Owners for: Glossary
                : Extending JSDL

    --> On Going


 6) Update explanation for jsdl:other usage

    - jsdl:other is the value for e.g. other arch and OS name etc.

    - Have defined this and behaviours - have to be able to process it and 
      must reject the document if can't be processed.

    - To add extra information that is allowed to be ignored if can't be 
      processed, but, jsdl:any can't be ignored.

    - Section 4.2 - placeholder (maybe better in the Extending JSDL section).

    --> Action: Steve (with Michel) - as number 17


 7) Possibly reformat ch. 4.2.1, 4.2.2.1, 4.2.2.2

    - Bulleted list to tables

    - Action: Andreas

    --> On Going


 8) JSDL compliance levels
    How much of jsdl a system must support, not just process.
    Probably a topic for later.

    - Placeholder, will come up later!

    [DONE] - Action: Michel

    --> Action: ALL to review Michel's e-mail to list: JSDL compliance levels
    http://www-unix.gridforum.org/mail_archive/jsdl-wg/2005/04/msg00111.html


 9) The statement "If not supported then the consuming system MUST reject
    the document." needs a bit more explanation or re-write.

    - Related to number 8 above.

    - Refer to notational convention

    [DONE] - Action: Michel

    --> Action: ALL to review Michel's e-mail to list: JSDL compliance levels
    http://www-unix.gridforum.org/mail_archive/jsdl-wg/2005/04/msg00111.html


10) When/why did HostName change from 0-1 to 0-n? (reverted)

    - It didn't!

    [DONE] - Action: Andreas to follow up on the list.

    --> Chris: wants host to be chosen from a list of specified candidate hosts
    --> Steve: change the name to "CandidateHosts" ?
    --> Donal: go for 0-1 so we can have an complex content
    --> Content list cannot be empty if CandidateHosts element is specified!

    --> Action: Steve update schema accordingly and send spec update to Andreas


11) Filesystem name and type and filesystem reference in DataStaging

    - This needs to be specified? Needs more explanation?

    - Action: Andreas

    --> On Going


12) Mountpoint environment variable. Is the current approach ok, or
    should we provide a separate mechanism, e.g, a tag that if present
    provides the name of the environment variable in which the
    MountPoint value must be present.

    - If a Mountpoint environment variable is not specified, then the name 
      of the filesystem is used for the value of the env var.

    - Action: ALL to review spec section 5.5.12 and get back to the list

    - Issue to be discussed on the list.

    --> On Going


14) DRMAA use case for defining filenames. We have to at least be able
    to show an example of how to define and stage out an <Output> file.

    - Action: Andreas

    - Action: Donal to suggest alternative

    --> On Going


16) Process Topology needs review. In particular are the examples ok or
    not, are the definition correct and so on. Delete the yellow
    comments once that is done. Not sure if we should define the precise
    allocation behaviour or allow for that to be defined instead.

    - Action: ALL to review this section (Section 6 in 0.9.5-01).
        - ProcessCount to be put back into POSIX Application.
        - ProcessCountLimit in the POSIX Application.

    --> Action: Chris to bring issues to list if any

    --> On Going


17) Section "Extending JSDL" needs an owner. I expect this section to be
    about 1 page long so should not be too much trouble.

    - Action: Steve (with Michel as wingman)

    --> On Going


19) Re-check terminology for process topology and delete comments

    - Part of 16 Review

    --> See 16 above - On Going


21) Memory limit: incomplete text

    - Action: Donal - Extra text

    --> On Going


22) Pipe size limit: incomplete text

    - Action: Donal - Extra text

    --> On Going


23) Update of security considerations in line with latest decisions
    (when we actually reach firm decision)

    - User and Group ID decisions finalised, then make clear statements 
      about security.

    --> UserName and GroupName to be added POSIX Application.

    --> Action: Andreas


24) Complete author information (see my entry as reference)

    - Leave to last... Placeholder

    --> On Going


25) Update contributors and acknowledgements

    - Leave to last... Placeholder

    --> On Going


26) Complete list of Normative references, e.g., CIM is still missing.

    - Leave to last... Placeholder

    --> One for CIM (http://www.dmtf.org/standards/cim/) version 2.8

    --> Action: Donal, pass ref for lists from CIM to Andreas.

    --> On Going


27) Glossary owner

    - Action: Ali

    --> On Going


28) Translation tables need to be added
    Proposal: Karl for Globus/GRAM,
              Chris for LSF,
              Saga-san for Naregi,
              ??? for Condor,
              ...

    - See below...

28a) Put the translation tables into a separate document?

    - Non-normative information docs

    - Steve and GridSAM to input GRAM and Condor

    - Template for these docs needed.

    --> On Going


29) Promised examples for the appendix
    (But maybe this should be split off into a Primer)

    - Put examples into a primer...

    --> On Going


30) Make citations in text of document reference real cross-references.

    - Action: Andreas

    --> On Going


31) Complete example sub-sections

    - Need examples for elements.

    --> On Going


32) POSIXApplication/Executable: optional or mandatory?

    - Bring to list.

    --> Executable should be optional. need define what happens if specified

    --> ApplicationName should be optional, need define what happens 
        if specified

    --> Action: Andreas

