JSDL Teleconference - 20 February 2008
=======================================

* Participants

  Donal Fellows
  Steve McGough
  Alexander Papaspyrou
  Andreas Savva
  Philipp Wieder
  Geoff Williams

* Reviewed Philipp's presentation for the Activity BoF at OGF22.
   Agreed to some minor changes: make the transition between the
   general portion and the UDAP portion more obvious; provide more
   explanation on the UDAP perspective for the example on slide 12;
   slides 13-onwards should come after the GridSAM/UNICORE
   presentations and lead into the detailed discussion; add a list of
   issues to start off the discussion; etc
   - Philipp will review past minutes for issues raised

* Steve volunteered to do the parameter sweep presentation at OGF22
  since neither Michel nor Ali will be present. Agreed to dedidate half of
   the first session to parameter sweep; primarily as an introduction
   to the state of the work
   - Use Michel's and Ali's presentations from OGF19 & OGF20 as a
     base
   - Andreas will confirm with Michel/Ali what their level of
     participation will be for the parameter sweep
   - Geoff has a number of issues on the parameter sweep draft. He
     will post them to the tracker for discussion on the teleconfs
     after OGF22

  
