JSDL Teleconference - 6 August 2008
==================================

* Participants

  Fred Brisard
  Michel Drescher
  Steve McGough
  David Meredith
  Andreas Savva
  Geoff Williams

  Minutes: Andreas Savva

* Review of actions
  - Review of fixed artifacts pending
* Review of artifacts and updates on the tracker
* Agreed to include TemplateFile as an extension; specification text to be ready next week for review
* No new issues reported
* Agreed to aim for submission to the OGF Editor before OGF24
* Next call on August 13th
* Michel has the pen next; followed by Geoff
