JSDL conference call
====================

3 November 2011

Participants:
-------------
Morris Riedel, EMI
Michael Saravo, UVA
Michel Drescher, EGI.eu
Philip Wieder, GWDG
Oxana Smirnova, NDGF
Etienne Urbah, EDGI


1) WG Insfrastruture
--------------------
- The WG agreed to use EGI.eu HiDef conference call infrastructure.
- Calls will be held weekly on Thudsdays, 13:30 UTC for one hour.
- Screen sharing was requested. UVA may provide Glance.net, but that needs
  clarification.
  ==> Action Michael
- Participants agreed to use Gridforge wherever possible:
    -- Tracker for specification related change requests
    -- Tasks for actions recorded for attendees to carry out.
    -- Wiki for other (semi-)static information.
    -- Documents for storing specifications, schemas, etc. for permanent 
       storage of WG proceedings


2) Leadership
-------------
- Michael Saravo, and Michel Drescher are nominated new co-chairs of the WG.
- Philip Wieder is acting secretary for the WG.
- Philip will step down as secretary in the forseeable future (until March 2012)
- Michel mentions Gina Corell (UVA) as potential secretary, but this needs 
  confirmation
  ==> Michael to confirm permanent secretary position for Gina
- The WG will follow the formal OGF process for changing WG chairs.
    -- Send out E-Mail to the JSDL WG, and the current chairs for
       change to proposed chairs giving deadline of 1 week to object, otherwise
       the change will be accepted and asked for approval by GFSG
    -- GFSG will approve or deny at their weekly conference call.
  ==> Philip to coordinate and track the approval process


3) JSDL WG processes & goals
----------------------------
- There are a number of issues to work into the JSDL specification.
- The group has no clear idea about the number, and impact of the requested
  issues.
  ==> Philip to send out existing links and documents that refer to or contain 
      issues to the JSDL mailing list
- The next actions will be to start tracking change requests in Gridforge
    -- Also the meeting minutes in Lyon already contain a number of issues
       that need to be worked into the next JSDL iteration
    ==> Philip to digest the Lyon meeting minutes into actions and issues in
        Gridforge
- Michel describes an outline of how to process the change requests.
    ==> Michel to document the process on Gridforge


4) Next actions
---------------
- No specific long-term actions were discussed.


5) AOB
------


ACTIONS
-------
ACTION Michael  - Clarify using UVA Glance subscription for JSDL
ACTION Michael  - Confirm Gina to take over secretary role of JSDL
ACTION Philip   - initiate and manage the chair transition process with GFSG
ACTION Philip   - Provide links and documents that contain JSDL spec issues 
                  for the group to digest
ACTION Philip   - Digest minutes from JSDL meetings in Lyon and extract 
                  actions and issues to be stored in Gridforge
ACTION Michel   - Document the proposed process and circulate in JSDL WG
