JSDL Teleconference - 14 May 2008
==================================

* Participants

  Donal Fellows
  Andreas Savva
  Geoff Williams
  David Meredith
  Fred Brisard
  
* Sweep within input files to be discussed at OGF23

* Reviewed artifacts; decisions in tracker, with some additional notes
  in the minutes

* artf6187 

  Action: Geoff to request Nimrod input

* artf6189 
* artf6186
* artf6188
* artf6185

* artf6184

  Initial candidate list: loopdecimal, loopfloat, loopdouble

  Action: Geoff to put detailed in proposal in the tracker.

* Other 

  Action: Andreas to add deferred status to the tracker status list
          (with closed status)
