JSDL Teleconference - 8 October 2008
=====================================

* Participants

  Geoff Williams
  Philipp Wieder
  Andreas Savva (minutes)
  David Meredith
  Steve McGough
  Michel Drescher

  Apologies: Fred Brisard, Donal Fellows

* Status updates

** Parameter sweep status
   - Submitted and in AD review. Should be coming to public comment in
     a couple of weeks

** Activity instance document schema
   - Action to update requirements list and prioritize for next call

* New work items
** JSDL SPMD experience document
   - Andreas will setup the initial survey based on the JSDL
     Experience survey
   - Not sure how many implementators there are; not particularly
     urgent but should get it started

** Required/optional attribute microspec

   - Steve will do a draft, November timeframe
       
** New resource requirements (xpath/xquery+glue)

   - Andreas to contact Sergion again
   - Might need to coordinate with HPCP-WG if they are planning
     anything in this space
   - Perhaps next March as the timeframe to complete this

* Next call

  Probably in three weeks time since 10/22 seems difficult for a
  number of the participants.


